Mention new Maven version requirements (#178)
lagom/lagom.github.io: src/docs/1.4.x/java/resources/gettingstarted/JavaPrereqs.md

## Maven

> Lagom requires Maven 3.6.0 or higher. In addition to verifying the version on the command line, check that your IDE is using the correct version.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be changed in lagom/lagom? It will be overwritten in the next build.

Reviewer: I think the page you want to change in this repo is this one: https://github.com/lagom/lagom.github.io/blob/template/src/main/twirl/com/lightbend/lagom/docs/getstartedjavamaven.scala.html

Author: 🤦🏼‍♂️

> Lagom requires Maven 3.5.4 or higher, we recommend that you use at least Maven 3.6. In addition to verifying the version on the command line, check that your IDE is using the correct version.

Author: ```suggestion
Lagom requires Maven 3.6.0 or higher. In addition to verifying the version on the command line, check that your IDE is using the correct version.
```
